Add S3 Storage, Relationships Docs (#2777)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guides/s3-django-storage.md

> # AWS S3 using Django-Storage Backend

Reviewer: Would be good to cross-reference to this file from the relevant sections of `nautobot/docs/configuration/optional-settings.md` and `nautobot/docs/installation/nautobot.md` to aid in discoverability.

The backend storage engine is used for Nautobot to handle uploaded files (e.g. image attachments), as well as static files (e.g. css, js). Nautobot supports integration with the django-storages package, which provides backends for several popular file storage services. If not configured, local filesystem storage will be used; however this user-guide will demonstrate how to use AWS S3 buckets to store these files.

## Installation

> Nautobot can use [`django-storages`](https://django-storages.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) to publish files to S3 -- see the [docs](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/core/en/stable/installation/nautobot/#remote-file-storage) for more information on installing this optional dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nautobot can use [`django-storages`](https://django-storages.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) to publish files to S3 -- see the [installation docs](../installation/nautobot.md#remote-file-storage) for more information on installing this optional dependency.
```

    "AWS_S3_REGION_NAME": "us-west-1",
    "AWS_DEFAULT_ACL": "public-read",
    "AWS_QUERYSTRING_AUTH": False,
    "AWS_LOCATION": "subfolder/name/static/"
}
STATICFILES_STORAGE = STORAGE_BACKEND
```

If `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` are not set, `boto3` [internally looks up IAM credentials](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/credentials.html).  Using an [IAM Role for EC2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html?icmpid=docs_ec2_console) is highly recommended.

The `STORAGE_CONFIG` has some valuable pieces of information.

- Access Key and Secret Key are for authentication and authorization of the S3 bucket.
- Storage bucket name is the S3 bucket name, within the bucket provided the aws location will be used to build the parent directory structure.
    - In the example above the static files will be stored in `f"{AWS_STORAGE_BUCKET_NAME}.s3.amazonaws.com/{AWS_LOCATION}"`
- Finally, region is where the s3 bucket resides.

!!! info
    The remaining options are not required, but django-storages documentation should be reviewed to understand the security requirements.

> By using the the settings listed above, the static files will be stored in the S3 bucket instead of on the Nautobot servers filesystem. Once the `nautobot-server collectstatic` is executed you will see the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the the settings listed above, the static files will be stored in the S3 bucket instead of on the Nautobot server's filesystem. Once the `nautobot-server collectstatic` is executed you will see the files.
```
